1. Failure to manage stress can lead to physical and mental health consequences, according to Stress Management Tips for Students (2016), which explains that in addition to physical effects such as hypertension, weakened immune system, anxiety, and depression, academic performance can suffer. I have personally experienced the effects of excessive stress in my work. I have experienced a state of excessive stress in the course of my work, which has affected me in such ways as difficulty sleeping and not having much of an appetite.
Thus, letting stress go unchecked not only reduces one's performance but also becomes a major obstacle to a healthy and enjoyable life. Stress management is an important way to deal with this problem.

2. After reviewing the Stress Management Tips, I will explain three of my stress coping strategies.
1. Physical exercise
I believe that physical activity helps us to forget about unpleasant things and shed them with a healthy sweat. Working out at the gym or setting aside time to enjoy a game of futsal with friends can help lower stress levels.
2. Adjust my lifestyle
Considering my life, I have a major disruption in my sleep schedule. In my experience, stress levels tend to be lower during periods when I can get a good amount of sleep and higher during periods when I sleep irregularly. I will try to get as much timed sleep as possible.
3. Set aside time for relaxation
This is something I have not tried very often in the past, and I would like to give it a try this time. As a specific method, I would like to try meditation during the time before going to bed, as I have a habit of thinking about this and that before going to bed.
I believe that these stress management strategies will have the effect of increasing my own physical and mental well-being. I believe that it would be best if I could set aside enough time to cope with sudden outbreaks of stress by practicing these strategies on an ongoing basis.

References:
Malik, S. (2016). Stress management tips for students. PsychCentral. Retrieved from https://psychcentral.com/blog/stress-management-tips-for-students/
Robinson, L., Smith, M., & Segal, R. (2018). Stress management. HelpGuide.org. Retrieved from https://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-management.htm

