
Reflection Topic: Learning Outcomes

1. After conducting the next activity, we found that the personal time allocation and the ideal time allocation showed that they spend about 10 extra hours than the ideal time allocation. The factors that have the greatest impact on my time are working, sleeping, personal hygiene, time alone, eating, and time alone(Cullege Success, 2015), in that order, and these factors alone require about 120 hours of my time. I honestly don't think I can reduce the working and sleeping time any further, so I need to consider whether it is appropriate to spend that time on other time.

2. the following time management strategies are based on my time usage
  1. implement activities at a time when they can be implemented more efficiently
      It is said that performance improves when activities such as studying and creative activities are carried out at appropriate times(Time-use measurement and research: Report of a workshop, 2000). Also, simple tasks can be done at times when performance is slower, such as in the afternoon, and the rhythm of the activity can be aligned with the individual's biorhythm.
  2. shortening the time for each household chore  
      I recognized in this activity that food preparation, bathing, cleaning, etc. takes up about 30 hours a week. This is a larger amount of time than I had anticipated and I would like to take the following measures, for example
      ・Prepare meals in bulk.
      ・Introduce a housekeeping robot.
      ・reduce the total time by doing things in detail
  3. try to decide on tomorrow's schedule and act on it.
      I tend to keep to a set deadline and scheduled actions. Therefore, by making a schedule for tomorrow before going to bed each day, I will try to create a situation where all I have to do tomorrow is to live according to that schedule. I believe that making this schedule will have the following benefits
      ・Feedback on how long I thought it would take and how long it took can be done in a short time.
      ・Curbing wasted time by setting aside personal time in the plan

Word-Count:345

References:
College success. (2015). Minnesota Libraries Publishing. Retrieved from http://open.lib.umn.edu/collegesuccess/
Time-use measurement and research: Report of a workshop. Report of a Workshop. (2000). The National Academies Press. Retrieved from https://nap.nationalacademies.org/catalog/9866/time-use-measurement-and-research-report-of-a-workshop 