1. My own experience with successful and unsuccessful weight-loss goals describes the situation.
First, I would like to talk about my experience of not achieving my goal. I had gained weight in the years since graduating from college and decided to lose weight for my health. However, at that time, I did not set a very specific goal, but only focused on losing weight. I also did not examine the methods very carefully and tried the methods generally advocated. As a result, I was not able to achieve my goal because I was not able to continue with the program.
Next, I would like to discuss my experience in achieving my goals with the same diet experience. Based on experience, to achieve our goals, we believed that "continuous observation" and short-term diet goals of about one month were important, and we practiced methods to achieve our goals, such as diet and training. As a result, we were able to make our short-term goals as specific as possible, and we were able to achieve our initial goals.
Based on these experiences, the following two factors were identified that prevented us from achieving our goals:
  Did not have specific goals
  Because they were not continuously observed, they could not determine the extent to which they were achieving their goals.
In addition, three factors enabled us to achieve our goals
  I had a specific goal of how many pounds I wanted to lose by when.
  Short-term measurements were taken against the goal, and the status was checked from time to time.
  If the status checks indicated that the goal was unrealistic, we were able to extend the period or take other actions.

2. College Success explains that good goals have the following elements
"Goals should be realistic, specific, and time oriented, and you must be committed to them." (College Success, 2015)
Based on my own experience and the above explanation, I believe that good goals should be "concrete and realistic" and "have a short-term guideline that allows us to check our progress toward the final goal.

3. Below are the goals I would like to achieve at UoPeople.
  Long-term goal: To obtain a CS degree at UoPeople and seize my career advancement. Specifically, I will move to a company that pays me a higher salary than my current company.
  Mid-term goal: To get an A grade or higher in all classes I will take in the last year, including my current Term.
  Short-term goal: To develop effective learning methods and study habits to achieve an A or better in my current classes. Also, to improve language skills.

References:
College success. (2015). Minnesota Libraries Publishing. Retrieved from http://open.lib.umn.edu/collegesuccess/