
Reflect on two experiences of communication with doctors.

1. Examples of good communication: experiences with dentists
I go to the dentist regularly to check my teeth.
This is because in the past I had a cavity and had to have a major dental treatment.During the regular check-up, the dentist checks for cavities, checks for tartar and asks me questions, and the way this interview is conducted helps me to maintain my own teeth. The way they do this is that they ask me how I am currently maintaining my teeth, and then suggest things that need to be improved and better ways to do it. The reason I like this method is that they don't force the best solution on me. I myself do maintenance with some thought, so it can be difficult for me to accept when people dismiss me out of hand and only push for the best solution. However, this dentist suggests a better way based on my own behaviour as a patient, which makes it easier for me to accept.

2. Example of bad communication: experience in internal medicine
I visited a health professional because I had a fever. There, I wanted to discuss medication to recover from the fever and other symptoms such as a cough. However, when the doctor checked my condition, he only gave me medication without a detailed explanation and the diagnosis ended. Although I was able to move towards recovery, I was disappointed that I was not informed about the background of the diagnosis, such as what symptoms I had and why I should take this medicine with this intention.

Based on the above, I believe that the way to improve communication between healthcare providers and patients is to "provide patients with the information they want". Of course, there is no doubt that healthcare providers have more in-depth specialist knowledge than patients because they have studied at university. However, from the patient's point of view, they would like to know the purpose of the treatment they are receiving and what action they are taking. We believe that such detailed communication is important for the smooth delivery of healthcare.

Word-Count: 357