In this week's unit, I learned about subroutines (sometimes called methods in Java), Lambda Expressions, and other concepts that are very important for the implementation of Java applications.

First, the subroutine is described by the text as follows:
"A SUBROUTINE CONSISTS OF INSTRUCTIONS for performing some task"(Eck, 2019)

This defines a series of processes that perform a specific action together and is indispensable when performing similar processes repeatedly or when multiple people are involved in the development process. In this unit I created a "subroutine to find a sphere of radius x," but I believe there are many specific examples such as "extracting specific information from a database" or "implementing a file upload process. I will further my own understanding through Exercises and other programs, as I believe that repeatedly using similar processes to solve problems is a fundamental idea necessary to use programs to solve problems.

Next, let's talk about Lambda Expressions. According to the text, Lambda Expressions are described as follows:
"A lambda expression represents an anonymous subroutine, that is, one without a name."(Eck, 2019)
It is also defined as syntax as follows:
( parameter-list ) -> { statements }
Lambda Expressions, as described in the text, is implemented in a way that simultaneously performs the following two processes:

1. class interface definition
Define parameters to be given to the subroutine.
2. anonymous subroutine definition
Define what processing is performed by the subroutine.

I have little understanding of how the mechanism is implemented and how to proceed with its implementation. However, to be honest, I have not been able to visualize how to use it in concrete terms, deriving from the question of whether it is not possible to simply define a method and call it. The text explained that it would be useful to study chapters 6 and 10, so I will look forward to the relevant units after having established the basic concepts.

I also received a very useful comment during this discussion.
"In this case, Radius is a formal parameter, and r is another formal parameter; it is redundant, but the redundancy explains the concept.” I did not intend to implement a redundant program, but after reviewing the comments, I found that I had indeed implemented a redundant process, and it gave me a chance to review my program. This experience allowed me to reaffirm the importance of discussion, and I will continue my studies so that my comments in the future will be as meaningful as the ones my classmates gave me this time.

I am convinced that what I learned in this unit was very important in programming using the Java language, and while there are still areas that I need to deepen my understanding, such as Lambda Expressions, this static subroutine and the next unit that I will be learning in I hope to improve my skills by understanding non-static subroutines.

Word count:479

References:
Eck, D. J. (2019). Introduction to programming using Java, version 8.1. http://math.hws.edu/javanotes.