Introduction
In thinking about this question, I was able to rethink the behavior of the companies around me. What kind of activities can be called unethical, and what kind of company complies with CSR? When I choose products and services in the future, I would like to implement what I did in this survey on CSR.

1. Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you admire and trust? What do they do that inspires you?
Nintendo is one of the companies I consider to be fulfilling its social responsibility. Nintendo has developed as a video game manufacturer, but according to its official website, it carries out CSR activities tailored to the concept of each stakeholder, including customers, business partners, employees, the next generation, and local communities. (Nintendo, n.d.)
For example, for customers, based on the principle of "always making products that are fun and safe," the company develops high-quality products and conducts activities to ensure that customers can enjoy their products, such as by improving consultation services and product repair services.
In addition, we are working to build a better global environment as part of our efforts for the next generation. For example, we have introduced green procurement, which gives preference to environmentally conscious companies when procuring parts and other items, and we have acquired ISO 14001 certification, an international standard for environmental management.
I was very impressed by the company's commitment to providing a safe and enjoyable experience for all of its customers.

2. Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you would not trust, or even doubt? Which companies are they, and why do they fail to convince you?
When I thought about the characteristics of companies that do not believe much in social responsibility, the most important point in my mind was the way materials and products are procured. In my country, some companies are suspected of procuring materials and processing goods in an inhumane manner. It is of course understandable that they are trying to make more profit as a joint stock company, but in doing so, they are disrespecting some of their stakeholders by conducting inhumane practices. I believe that conducting certain ethical activities toward related parties, including material and product suppliers, is a way of fulfilling our social responsibility.

3. Would you like to work in the field of corporate social responsibility? Why or why not?
Work-related to corporate social responsibility is very important, and opportunities to make a positive impact on society are increasing. However, in my career, I would like to work in one department in charge and uphold ethical integrity, rather than making a company-wide contribution in a department involved in social responsibility.

Conclusion
This Learning Journal allowed me to learn more about how companies around me fulfill their social responsibilities. I would like to learn more about CSR activities, as I believe that this is one of the items that should be mentioned as a guideline when selecting products and services.

References
Nintendo, (2023). CSR Information. Retrived fron https://www.nintendo.co.jp/csr/index.html
