I chose the story “Ghosts”. Because I couldn't imagine the content from the title and I wanted to know what it was about. The story begins with Pascal, whose parents own a restaurant that serves as a hangout for gangsters, and who is about to launch a radio show.

He wanted to start a program: "He wanted the rest of the country to know what made these men cry."(Danticat, E, 2008, p. 4), but his idea was stolen by a radio director. When the gang heard about it, they took action, and Pascal and the gang leader were arrested as suspects. After a while, they were released because the gang leader had highly incriminating drug-related dirt on powerless people. They were talking in the restaurant and knew that anything could happen that would get them killed at any moment.

I don't like this story because I feel that it is too redemptive for a protagonist who wants to make the truth known. The reality may be harsher than this story, but as a story, I prefer a happy one.

A paraphrase: He got the idea for the radio show in a dream. It was to talk about the “Ghosts" that haunt us, caused by a circumstances (Danticat, E, 2008, p. 13).

The original text in Edwidge Danticat's 2008 book Ghosts on page 13:
In his dreams, Pascal had imagined beginning his radio program with a segment on lost limbs. Not just Tiye’s but other people’s as well. He would open with a discussion of how many people in Bel Air had lost limbs. Then he would go from limbs to souls, to the number of people who had lost family—siblings, parents, children—and friends. These were the real ghosts, he would say, the phantom limbs, phantom minds, phantom loves that haunt us, because they were used, then abandoned, because they were desolate, because they were violent, because they were merciless, because they were out of choices, because they did not want to be driven away, because they were poor.

References: 
Edwidge, Danticat. (2008, Novenmer 24) Ghosts. The New Yorker
https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/11/24/ghosts-fiction-edwidge-danticat