In this week's unit, I implemented the extensions to the binary number representations I learned in Unit 1 and their implementation as circuits. Let me first explain my understanding of them.
First, binary representations are essential for giving inputs to and receiving outputs from hardware, as I learned in unit 1. In this week's unit, I learned the concept of complements. This is a method designed to provide a more efficient arithmetic representation of negative numbers that I use casually in our everyday decimal form. When I learned this method, I was very impressed, especially with the two's complement representation. This is because of the following factors
The ability to represent large numbers with fewer bits.
The results of bitwise operations can be used as they are.
I feel that the above elements were very important in using the values of the two new numbers and were factors that allowed me to develop my development.
Next, I learned about some additive circuits. In my life, I have always had a natural understanding of the concept of digit increments. However, I had not been able to visualize how to consider such operations in binary numbers and how to implement them in a circuit format. This unit allowed me to visualize those details in more depth. What was important for me to use was to imagine what the c bits that raise the digits and the s bits that represent the sum would output, and to use the truth table to visualize the actual values. I was able to make this work done in this unit very meaningful, as it is a very important element of my own understanding, and the work of connecting image and practice is very important to me.
Next, I would like to talk about the discussions I had this time. I made a post on the given topic in the form of an actual circuit diagram and truth table. I received relatively good evaluations from my classmates, and in some cases, they commented on the fact that I had not included specific circuit images and truth tables in the unit 1 post, so I implemented this as a countermeasure to that. I can think personally and in terms of my classmates' evaluations that I was able to implement a more understandable post as a result. In next week's unit and beyond, I will be conscious of expressing and including answers to questions in a more concrete form in my explanations. In order to include concrete images, students need to be familiar with various tools, including logisim, so I will continue to deepen their understanding of the tools through exercises and other practices in parallel.
Finally, unit 3 is the week of the Graded-Quiz, and I believe that by the end of unit 2, students should have a good understanding of the Self-Quiz and the exercises in the text. In order to achieve better results, I would like to study and reflect on the course content of unit 3 and plan to reflect on unit 1~2 and take Graded Quiz on Sunday. Since A and A+ are my personal goals for this course, I will continue to do what is necessary to achieve those goals.

