Hello classmates.
I will explain my position on this question.

1. My attitude toward organic food has not changed. The two most important factors in my choice of food products are price and production process. Organic foods are often expensive, which contradicts the axis on which I choose products. Therefore, I will still consider the production process of food products before deciding what to purchase. However, I also believe that organic food can eliminate the process of "considering the production process". This is because for a product to be clearly labeled as organic food and sold (although this may vary from country to country), it must go through a certification process and an audit.
2. I think that a) that it is better for your health is a strong consumer trend in my country. When a product is developed and advertised as using organic ingredients, it is often marketed as being for better health, rather than appealing to the environment and information about the agricultural producers. It is also undeniable that there is an aversion to chemicals due to past pesticide problems and industrial pollution. Therefore, there seems to be a high tendency to consume products that do not utilize chemicals = healthy.
3. I think it will be stronger. The naysayers in the case study made two points
It would simply increase our costs, which would render us less competitive.
Our average patient stay is only 5 days and, in that time, the benefit of organic food, if any, would be negligible. (Jimenez, G. C., & Pulos, E., 2016)
These negative opinions differ if the position is a wealthy private elementary school. The use of organic food is a point of appeal to parents and is palatable for a longer period because the students attend school for a longer period than in a hospital.

References
Jimenez, G. C., & Pulos, E. (2016). Good corporation, bad Corporation: Corporate social responsibility in the global economy. New York, NY: Open SUNY Textbooks. https://milnepublishing.geneseo.edu/good-corporation-bad-corporation/.