Introduction
Clothing choices can have a significant impact on the relationships we form in business settings. Our attire often conveys messages to others about our business attitudes, personalities, and social norms. Appropriate attire can create a positive impression on others, while inappropriate attire can create misunderstandings and negative impressions. In this article, we will discuss how we perceive the relationship between clothing and relationships.

1. The impact of one's choice of attire on the business world is manifold. Appropriate attire provides a means of expressing professionalism and credibility and is likely to build rapport with colleagues and business partners. However, overly casual or uncomfortable attire can make communication with colleagues and business partners more difficult; in "Tucked In, Tucked Out" (Byars & Stanberry, 2019), youth who dress casually The expression is made to express distrust of casual dress.
Thus, in an environment that is conservative or requires adherence to norms, an appropriate environment can help build trust. On the other hand, in a company that values flexibility, casual dress may encourage imagination and the exchange of ideas. 
2. Workplace attire defaults depend on the culture of the industry, company, and customers. The cultural environment in which a company operates should determine the extent to which the dress code should be restricted. It is important not to define the purpose of the defaults for employees or to place too strong a restriction on them that may discourage them. 
3. The dress default but its standards are important from an ethical point of view. This is because it establishes a non-discriminatory and fair standard in the company. Discrimination based on dress or appearance should never be allowed from a diversity perspective. It is important to establish certain standards to prevent such discrimination, etc.
4. Countries with different cultures have different attitudes toward dress. Companies need to understand and respect business norms in different cultures as they expand globally. In some countries, formal business attire is emphasized, while in others, a more casual style is accepted. Global companies need to acquire sensitive information about these different backgrounds and cultures and approach their employees in a way that allows them to communicate smoothly across cultures.

Conclusion
Some cultures place a high value on attire in building trust, while other cultures allow casual dress to build trust. Companies and employees need to understand the differences in each culture and take the appropriate approach for smooth communication.
