Hello classmates.
I will explain my answer to this question.

1. First, let's review the definitions of equivalence relation and partial order relation.
According to Doerr and Levasseur, equivalence relations are relations that satisfy the following three properties
Reflexivity: for every element x, x is related to itself. (xRx)
Symmetry: for any element x,y, if x is related to y, then y is also related to x (if xRy, then yRx)
Transitivity: For any element x,y,z, if x is related g to y and y is related to z, then x is also related to z. (If xRy and yRz, then xRz)
Next, a partially ordered relation is a relation that satisfies all three of the following properties
Reflexivity and transitivity: same properties as equivalence relations
Antisymmetry: for any elements x and y, if x is related to y and y is also related to x, then x and y are equal (if xRy and yRx, then x=y)
In this case, reflexivity exists because the British biweekly is also connected by road to its own state. Symmetry is also satisfied because if there is a road from one state to another, then of course the reverse exists. Furthermore, if there is a road from one state A to state B and from state B to state C, transitivity is also satisfied because there is an indirect road from state A to state C.
Therefore, this relationship is an equivalence relationship. As for antisymmetry, which is a property of partial order relations, it can be seen that if State A and State B are related, then State B and State A are also related, but State A and State B are different and therefore do not satisfy them.

2. A congruence with n as a law is a kind of equivalence relation in number theory. Two integers a and b are congruent for positive integers n if the difference between a and b is a multiple of n. Mathematically, it is expressed as a ≡ b (mod n). I will illustrate this relationship with two examples.
Example 1: n=5
Consider the integers 7 and 17; the difference between 7 and 17 is 10, which is a multiple of 5. Therefore, 7 ≡ 17 (mod 5),
Similarly, for different integers 3 and 8, the difference is 5, so 3 ≡ 8 (mod 5).
Example 2: n=3
Consider the integers 10 and 1. The difference between 10 and 1 is 9, which is a multiple of 3. Therefore, 10 ≡ 1 (mod 3).
Now consider whether the congruence is a partial order. The properties of partial order must satisfy reflexivity, transitivity, and antisymmetry.
Reflexivity (for any integer a, a ≡ a (mod n)) and transitivity (if a ≡ b (mod n) and b ≡ c (mod n), then a ≡ c (mod n)) are satisfied, but antisymmetry is not. For example, 7 ≡ 12 (mod 5) and 12 ≡ 7 (mod 5), but 7 and 12 are different integers. Therefore, the congruence relation is classified as an equivalence relation, not a partial order.

References
Doerr, A., & Levasseur, K. (2022). Applied discrete structures (3rd ed.).