Hello classmates.
I would like to explain my response to this topic.

When a company develops a business, whether it develops in an urban or suburban area is a very big issue. I have thought of five possible ethical issues in developing a business and I will explain them.

1. Contribution to the local economy
Where a company operates has an impact on the economy, the larger the business, the greater the impact. If a business operates in an urban area, it may contribute to the further development of that urban area. On the other hand, if a business operates in a suburban area, it may displace jobs and resources from the urban area.
2. Environmental impacts
Business development in suburban and rural areas risks destroying the natural environment. On the other hand, operations in urban areas have a negligible impact on the environment because they use existing infrastructure.
Transportation and Accessibility
Businesses in urban areas are less likely to be inaccessible to employees and customers due to the infrastructure that already exists. However, in suburban areas, accessibility may be poor. This can cause social problems, such as increased use of public transportation and traffic congestion.
4. Employees' livelihood
The location of a company has a direct impact on the lives of its employees. While living in urban areas offers advantages such as access to a variety of entertainment and accessibility, there are challenges such as high costs. Living in the suburbs has the potential to improve the balance between family time, hobbies, and other aspects of personal life. However, there are issues such as poor access to transportation and social activities. 5.
5. Cost and efficiency
While operating in the suburbs is low-cost, operating in the city and the suburbs may involve high rent and operating costs. These costs are ultimately reflected in the price of products and services and may affect consumers.

These are some of the considerations a company should make when locating its business in an urban or suburban area. Many economic, environmental, and social factors must be considered when deciding where to locate and act responsibly.