In this week's unit, I learned about a basic circuit called a D-flip-flop/D-latch, how memory works using it, and RAM. Let me first explain my understanding of them.
The first is about D latches and D flip-flops. Both have in common that they both hold inputs and outputs. However, there are differences in the values held internally and the format of the values that can be treated as outputs. First, the D latch has one data output for each data input. There is also an input that controls the output. The outputs have the following properties
When the clock is High, the data input is output as is.
When the clock is low, the previous data output is retained.
In other words, this circuit operates so that the data output changes only when the clock circuit is High.
Next, let's look at D flip-flops, which, like D latches, have one data output for one data input. Like the D latch, the D flip-flop has one data output for one data input, and the same is true for the inputs that control the outputs. The output has the following properties
The data input at the moment the clock goes High is output as it is.
The output holds the previous data output except for the moment when the clock goes High.
The D flip-flop detects the rising edge of the clock and outputs the data at that point. The major difference between D flip-flops and D latches is that D latches "continue to output the input while the clock is high," while D flip-flops "output the input at the instant of the rising clock edge. This characteristic of flip-flops is very useful when implementing large-scale asynchronous circuits.
In addition, D flip-flops can continue to hold 1-bit data as long as the value of the control input remains unchanged. If multiple D flip-flops are connected, it is possible to hold that many bits of data. In this written assignment, I used this characteristic to implement a circuit with a 4-bit memory input for the ALU implemented in unit 3. This assignment helped my understanding immensely because I was able to experience the circuit not simply by implementing it, but by actually simulating the circuit's operation.
Overall, I found this week's assignment to be more complex and difficult than the previous assignments up to unit 3. Perhaps because it was more difficult to organize in the form of truth tables and the like, and required a combined picture of the control circuit and data inputs and outputs. I expect these challenges to continue next week and beyond, so I will continue to deepen our knowledge of the means to understand circuit operation. In this week's unit, the material representing the combined waveforms of the clock circuit and the data inputs and outputs helped my understanding. I would like to make use of references and other resources to arrive at this kind of material.
Lastly, I would like to talk about my systematic approach to my assignments. I would like to learn how to switch on and off and how to use my time in a friendly manner to make good progress in my studies even under such circumstances.
