In this week's unit, I studied and prepared for two 
Since this week's unit was the first of the course, it was not difficult in terms of content, but rather two main things: imagining the course as a whole and learning to use the new tools.
The first is to get an idea of what you will learn in the entire course, CS1104. According to the syllabus, what you will learn in this course is as follows.

This course is an introduction to computer systems. In this course, we will begin by exploring the internal design and functionality of the most basic computer components. From there, we will use an online hardware simulator to actually “build” a computer and develop an assembler from the ground using concepts we will learn in the class. In the process, we will cover the ideas and techniques used in the design of modern computer hardware and discuss major trade-offs involved in system design as well as future trends in computer architecture and how those trends might affect tomorrow’s computers.(2022, Univercity of the People)

Visualizing how the content of each unit is connected to this learning goal and how the content I am currently studying is connected to it is a very important element for my active learning as I study the same topic for 8 weeks. I have to plan my study based on the syllabus. I have planned my study from the syllabus and found that the latter half of the course is more challenging, so I know that I need to be more organized and prepared for the course.
In the unit1, I learned about primitive gates such as AND/OR/NO, which are the basis of all logic circuits. Since I had previously learned what kind of processing each gate performs and what kind of outputs each gate produces, I was able to quickly advance our understanding of these gates. However, I had never experienced the process of actually designing and simulating logic circuits, so I feel that I was able to further deepen my understanding through the actual hands-on process. Since designing logic circuits will be a theme that I will continue to work on for the next three units, I feel that this week's unit was extremely beneficial in that I was able to implement a simple theme by working on it.
I also feel that the level of my classmates is improving as I move through the CS units. Counting from the introductory class, this is the fourth class of this course, and I have realized that only those who are somewhat serious about doing this course can stay and learn. For my purposes, I would like to absorb my classmates' findings and discussion contributions to make my learning more effective.
Finally, I would like to declare my own goals in advancing this entire class. In one previous CS1103, I was unable to coordinate my schedule with my work and was unable to achieve sufficient results for one unit. To avoid such a situation in this class, I would like to study more systematically and organize the necessary elements to proceed with my plan.

References
Univercity of the People. CS1104 Syllabus https://my.uopeople.edu/mod/page/view.php?id=335678