
In this week's unit, I learned about input/output file handling, NW, and GUI programming, and I will explain my understanding of each topic.
First, let's talk about file input/output. In the previous units, I have handled programs with standard output/input, but to implement a program, I need to input parameters and output results by file. In such cases, Java provides constructors for convenient input/output, such as the scanner and File methods. It is important to use these pre-defined constructors to properly process and format the contents of the file. In this Lab assignment as well, I defined the input and output formats of the files in a way that I thought would be easy to handle, and then proceeded to implement the program. File formats can be freely changed to some extent when programming individually, but when multiple people are working on a project, I feel that this is the first rule that should be decided. In addition, since exception management by try-catch is also necessary for file input/output, I felt that it is necessary to proceed with implementation while thinking about what it should be and what exceptions are necessary.
Next, I would like to talk about networking. I started the unit without much understanding of networking at the program implementation level, only knowing how communication is done as a concept. In particular, I understand that the flow of communicating with a server by connecting sockets and requesting the server to do something is a very basic concept that occurs in any kind of programming. Learning the basic implementation in java this time was very good. Specifically, I implemented server-side and client-side programming, and were able to understand how the Socket method creates an instance and how it is disposed of.
Finally, GUI programming is a very elemental implementation study. Since all actions are triggered by the user, it is necessary to manage the operations as events and to clearly implement the actions for each event. In this Lab assignment, I implemented how to change the GUI for various actions, such as user clicks, option selections, and detail content decisions. The implementation of such a program is, by and large, difficult for me. The factors that make it difficult are as follows
The methods to be handled are very diverse, and I cannot proceed with the implementation without referring to references.
There is a mixture of values that should be determined by user operation and items that should be determined automatically by the program.
I feel that the above factors are things that I will have to accumulate as experience as I implement programs in the future, so I would like to continue learning through the unit.
Overall, this unit was a hard one for me because of the large number of specific methods I covered in relation to what I learned. However, I believe that the contents learned in this unit are very fundamental concepts in the implementation of programs, so I would like to take revenge and deepen my understanding of them first.
