Fairtrade is an effort to improve the working conditions and livelihoods of producers, mainly in developing countries, by trading with them on fair terms. In this article, I will consider several aspects of products using fair trade and discuss their advantages and disadvantages.

After studying this chapter, I am more likely to buy fair trade coffee for two reasons.
The first reason is that I had never understood the concept of fair trade before, and this study was a good opportunity for me to learn about it. I can sympathize with the concept of a company from a developed country doing business with a developing country, and I think it has increased the likelihood that I will pay attention to it when I choose products in the future.
The second reason was that I could understand the philosophy of improving the lives of producers by ensuring appropriate and fair trade between producers and buyers, and by ensuring proper working conditions.

I believe that it is possible to improve the lives of farmers and producers in developing countries in several ways other than fair trade. As an example, I would like to introduce two approaches.
The first is to provide agricultural technology and business management practices to producers through direct aid such as ODA and educational programs. In this approach, farmers in developing countries learn more advanced business methods, which allows them to do business more efficiently. One possible drawback is that the recipients may rely on the aid and become dependent on it. The method of assistance needs to be discussed to ensure that the priority is to learn how to make a living independently.
Second, expand how producers can access international markets. Access to markets is necessary to buy and sell the products they produce, but this can be difficult in developing countries. Creating ways for producers to get their products to market by building infrastructure and supporting intermediary organizations is one way to improve livelihoods.

Give three examples of why consumers buy Fairtrade products.
Support fair trade conditions: By purchasing Fairtrade products, you support that producers are getting a fair price and that adequate working conditions are provided. This ensures that producers are properly compensated sustainably.
Promoting ethical behavior: Fair Trade products are considered socially conscious and ethically sensitive. Therefore, choosing products from socially responsible companies allows individuals to choose products that are in line with their values and ethics.
Environmental Considerations: Some Fair Trade products use environmentally friendly and sustainable practices, allowing consumers to choose products that are friendly to the global environment.

For all three reasons listed, Fairtrade-certified organizations must be not corrupt and are managed fairly.

I believe that Fairtrade products are one approach to improving livelihoods and working conditions in developing countries. However, it is important to consider things from various aspects to address issues that cannot be solved by Fairtrade alone.
