1. This was the first time I had ever taken such a test, and the result was Strong KinestheticShare, but in retrospect, I was surprised that the results were accurate because they were well aligned with my learning trends.

2. The following points are important in my study. (VARK, 2022)
   - Practice what you have learned
   - Separate each one as a task
   - Imagine it in a more concrete form
Based on these results, I would like to add the following two strategies to my previous strategies as a self-directed learner
   - Emphasize the sense of accomplishment of completion.
   - Putting abstract images into more concrete details.
These strategies will help me to keep my learning more practical and motivated, based on my learning tendencies. Viewing the task as more practical content also requires a deeper understanding of the abstract problem as you go through the process. I believe that being able to implement such a process naturally and without resistance will help me to further improve my own learning performance.

3. Looking back on the past learning process that allowed me to learn more effectively, I have followed the following flow.
   first: knowledge acquisition
   second: testing
   third review
By repeating this process over and over again, what was initially vague became a clearer memory and my knowledge. This learning process was consistent with my learning tendency to prefer more practical content so that when I was learning something that I felt was effective, I was able to naturally follow the process based on my learning tendency. On the other hand, there were times when I spent more time acquiring knowledge and less time practicing the process, and in these cases, I was not able to achieve better results.
Based on the above, I would like to implement a learning process in the future that is in line with my learning tendencies, in which the cycle of knowledge acquisition and its confirmation is carried out over and over again.

References:
VARK Learn Limited. (2022). Kinesthetic strategies. VARK. Retrieved from https://vark-learn.com/strategies/kinesthetic-strategies/ 

APA

1. What was the full reference for the e-book you found for the Week 1 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your reference, be sure to write the correct reference this week).
Ruparelia, N. (2016). Cloud Computing. MIT Press. Retrieved from https://cd21kxc3b-mp03-y-https-ebookcentral-proquest-com.proxy.lirn.net/lib/univ-people-ebooks/detail.action?docID=4527741&query=cloud

2. What was the in-text citation for the e-book you found for the Week 1 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your citation, be sure to write the correct citation this week).
This situation is common whenever a new technology enters the fray, and especially one that is bound to create a major paradigm shift. The purpose of this book therefore is to cut through the hype and show you how you can take advantage of cloud computing. (Ruparelia, 2016).

3. Find a paragraph in your e-book, and copy and paste it here.
None of these are provided as a matter of course by virtualization. Virtualization can act as an enabling technology in order to facilitate these features, but a lot of additional enablers are required such as reporting, billing, demand management, and various other business processes and tools. To truly deploy a cloud, you need to consider how to standardize your service offerings, make them available through simple portals, track usage and cost information, measure their availability, orchestrate them to meet demand, provide a security framework, provide instantaneous reporting, and have a billing or charging mechanism on the basis of usage. Another way of looking at this is that virtualization, per se, is not a service. It can be used, in conjunction with other tools and processes, to create an infrastructure-as-a-service offering.

4. Select a section from #3, and using the APA rule for short quotations, put the section in quotation marks while adding an APA in-text citation at the end.
"Virtualization can act as an enabling technology in order to facilitate these features, but a lot of additional enablers are required such as reporting, billing, demand management, and various other business processes and tools. To truly deploy a cloud, you need to consider how to standardize your service offerings, make them available through simple portals, track usage and cost information, measure their availability, orchestrate them to meet demand, provide a security framework, provide instantaneous reporting, and have a billing or charging mechanism on the basis of usage. "(Ruparelia, 2016)

5. Re-read the section from #3, and re-write it in your own words while adding an APA in-text citation at the end. (This is called paraphrasing).
Ruparelia described Virtualization exists as one technology to realize cloud computing, but it is necessary to use other tools, etc., depending on the functions to be realized.(2016)