Reflection Topic: Intrinsic versus extrinsic motivation

1. Two examples of my extrinsic motivation can be thought of as club activities and work in high school. In the former, the majority of the club activities were more difficult and demanding than enjoyable, looking back on them now. In the latter, as a member of a company, there were times when I had to be involved in areas that were different from my interests.
What both activities have in common is that I do not have a clear goal in mind when I start and that I am working toward a secondary gain rather than the activity itself, such as a conversation with a friend or a reward for their work.

2. My decision to enroll in UoPeople was an act of intrinsic motivation. I had already graduated from another university and was making enough money at my job to make a good living, so enrolling in the program was not necessary. However, I knew that my current situation was not enough to achieve my goal of furthering my career, so I decided to take action to strengthen those deficiencies.

3. In my experience, the biggest difference between intrinsic and extrinsic motivation is the subjectivity of the motivation. As the example shows, those motivated externally do not have a clear sense of purpose, whereas those who are intrinsically motivated have a clear sense of purpose. I believe that those who work toward a proactively generated motivation have more enthusiasm for their actions and can perform better.

4. Based on what I have learned in this unit and my own past experiences, I believe that a mix of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation is the best way to maximize and maintain my motivation to learn. For medium- to long-term processes, such as final goal setting, I believe that I can perform better if I act with intrinsic motivation. However, when considering short-term processes, there are moments when I find myself slacking off. In such cases, I use friends, bosses, and social networking sites as extrinsic motivation. If I somehow communicate the process toward the goal generated by my internal motivation to the people around me, it becomes an external motivation for me. I believe that extrinsic motivation is sometimes better for short-term processes.

APA Execise
1. What was the full reference for the website you found for the Week 2 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your reference, be sure to write the correct reference this week.)
Research Reports on Environmental Science from Sirjan University of Technology Provide New Insights (2021, October 22). Ecology, Environment & Conservation, Retrieved from https://cd203yc7j-mp03-y-https-go-gale-com.proxy.lirn.net/ps/i.do?p=AONE&u=lirn17237&id=GALE|A679236838&v=2.1&it=r&sid=sru


2. What was the in-text citation for the website you found for the Week 2 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your citation, be sure to write the correct citation this week.)
"In addition, matching the geographical map of water pollution with the land use map by hot spots analysis indicated that more polluted water wells have been located around the agricultural land"(Ecology, Environment & Conservation, 2021)

3. Find a sentence about water pollution in your webpage, and copy and paste it here.
So, the distribution of arsenic in 19 wells with different depth from 5 to 100 m and water flows were examined in a 6-month period from September 2016 to February 2017. These samples were compared with the international standards. Effects of well depth, water flow, rainfall, soil and land usage on the arsenic concentration were evaluated. The results show that places with the inceptisols have higher water pollution.

4. Take the sentence from #3, and using the APA rule for short quotations, put the sentence in quotation marks while adding an APA in-text citation at the end.
"So, the distribution of arsenic in 19 wells with different depth from 5 to 100 m and water flows were examined in a 6-month period from September 2016 to February 2017. These samples were compared with the international standards. Effects of well depth, water flow, rainfall, soil and land usage on the arsenic concentration were evaluated. The results show that places with the inceptisols have higher water pollution." (Ecology, Environment & Conservation, 2021)

5. Re-read the sentence from #3, and re-write the sentence in your own words while adding an APA in-text citation at the end. (This is called paraphrasing.)
"Several wells were analyzed to assess the effects of well depth, water flow, rainfall, and land use on arsenic concentrations. The results showed that the water quality was more polluted when inceptisols were present." (Ecology, Environment & Conservation, 2021)