

1. What is a self-directed learner? What are the essential aspects of self-directed learning?

According to Knowles (1975), self-directed learning is defined as "
a process in which individuals take the initiative without the help of others in diagnosing their learning needs, formulating goals, identifying human and material resources, and evaluating learning outcomes" Thus, a self-directed learner can proceed without being told by others how to set goals, assess learning, and select resources to be used for learning.
This essential aspect of self-directed learning refers to the shift in approach to learning from one that is instructor-driven to one that is self-directed. In life as a university or working adult, no one is there to carefully teach you things; you must manage your own goals and processes.

2. What are your two biggest strengths as a student? How will these strengths help you become a self-directed learner?

My strengths as a student are my ability to drive things in motion and my curiosity about the elements surrounding a topic. I believe these strengths can be very useful in a self-directed learning process based on one's interests and intrinsic motivation, as they act to broaden the scope of one's curiosity.

3. What are your two biggest weaknesses as a student? How do these affect your readiness to be a self-directed learner?

Conversely, my weaknesses as a student are that it takes a lot of effort to get moving and that I have a habit of thinking about numerous things at the same time. The first weakness is that I may be slow to respond to things that need to be done, except for those that have an imminent deadline. I am aware that this weakness is something that needs to be fixed, as it may prevent me from properly monitoring the self-directed learning process. The second weakness is that while performing one task, other tasks may become a concern and prevent us from performing at our maximum potential. We are aware that this weakness may become noise in the performance measurement of each one.

4. Describe at least three strategies to become a more self-directed learner. How will you hold yourself accountable for your growth as a learner?

Based on the strengths and weaknesses I have considered thus far, here are my strategies for becoming a self-directed learner.
1. Define why you need to learn
  By being keenly aware of why I need to learn something, I can expand my learning to include additional information, not just what has been decided, which allows me to perform very well.
2. Make the first move as small as possible
  This is a countermeasure to one's weakness, which is a slow start. Instead of setting an initial goal of completing dozens of pages of text, for example, we define a simple goal that can be completed in about 10 minutes, thereby eliminating the sense of difficulty with the first step. 
3. Set goals that are as measurable as possible
  We believe that if the evaluation of the results of one's learning is based solely on qualitative information, one may find oneself in a situation where it is unclear whether one is doing it properly or not, or where the progress of the process is not properly evaluated. To deal with such a situation, we are considering setting goals that can be measured numerically and as clearly as possible, for example, three inputs to a topic and one output from the inputs.
In self-directed learning, responsibility is combined with rewards (results), so if I can clarify why I need to achieve the goal, it will inevitably lead to my growth as a learner. However, my personality tends to get sloppy, so I will make myself responsible as a learner by announcing the goals I have set and by providing external motivation at the same time.