I will explain my wellness analysis of each of these dimensions to the concluding house.
Physical Dimension: 8
Intellectual Dimension: 9 (highest)
Emotional Dimension: 5
Social Dimension: 4
Spiritual Dimension: 8
Vocational Dimension: 3 (lowest)
Financial Dimension: 8
Environmental Dimension: 7
Of these, the highest dimension was the Intellectual Dimension. Most of my time outside of work is spent on activities that expand my knowledge and skills, such as learning and community activities that help me to achieve my curiosity and goals. I believe that these activities have a positive impact on my self-confidence and the reputation of others in the community. Furthermore, having access to new information is very stimulating for me and I can become so absorbed in it that I lose track of time.
The lowest aspect was the Vocational Dimension. Although I am satisfied with my working environment and relationships, I am not very happy with what I am doing in my current job. I am thinking about my future life and would like to find a more challenging and rewarding job that fits my lifestyle. This idea is partly because I have a high Intellectual Dimension.
Through these analyses, I consider myself to be in a state of being somewhat satisfied with my intellectual production and personal activities but dissatisfied with the aspects of interacting with others. In addition, about the items that have a high level of satisfaction, it can be seen that these are also the items where people spend a lot of time, such as going to the gym or devoting time to their studies. If, for whatever reason, they are no longer able to take time out for intellectual activities or physical maintenance, the equilibrium may be disturbed. If the equilibrium is disrupted, the immune system and physical condition may be affected, and the physical condition may be affected. To maintain this equilibrium, we also need to increase our satisfaction with our community and our work. We will take time in the future to increase our satisfaction levels.
