指摘事項
webサイトの引用をAPA表記で行っていない


Topic

About e-books and paper booksTopic

//unit2
One of the things I was concerned about when it comes to learning in UoPeople is online. In particular, I choose this topic because I have never really thought about electronic media as a learning resource before.

1
Learning in E-book
In the past, I have mainly used paper books for learning, but in the future I should use e-books!

2
積極的に電子書籍を用いて学習すべきだ
Students should actively use e-books to learn.

3
電子書籍には"検索の便利さ"というメリットがある
E-books have the advantage of convenient search.

4
全ての資料を一元的に管理することができる
All materials can be managed in a centralized location.

5
オンラインですぐに購入することができる
Can be purchased immediately online.

6
初期費用が高い
良い通信環境が必要となる
Initial costs such as communication environment and devices are required.

thesis
While Initial costs such as communication environment and devices are required, Students should actively use e-books to learn. because E-books have the advantage of convenient search., All materials can be managed in a centralized location., and Can be purchased immediately online.

;sample thesis generator
monitoring children's television use
parents should regulate the amount of television their children watch
it is not always intellectually stimulating
it prevents social interaction
it is not always intellectually stimulating
television can be educational

I write a thesis on the topic "Learning in E-books".

Ⅰ. Thesis
A. While Initial costs such as communication environment and devices are required, Students should actively use e-books to learn. Because E-books have the advantage of convenient search., All materials can be managed in a centralized location., and Can be purchased immediately online.

Ⅱ. Body Paragraph

Reasons that support my main idea.
A. E-books have the advantage of convenient search.
B. All materials can be managed in a centralized location.
C. Can be purchased immediately online.

Reasons that oppose my main idea.
A. Initial costs such as communication environment and devices are required.

Ⅲ. Conclusion

I used the tool:"Thesis Generator" to create an outline for this paper. I will also attach a document showing how I used it.

Reference
While Initial costs such as communication environment and devices are required, Students should actively use e-books to learn. Because E-books have the advantage of convenient search., All materials can be managed in a centralized location., and Can be purchased immediately online.