In unit 1, I first reviewed what I had learned in CS1102 and then learned some new matters. I first reviewed what I had learned in CS1102, and then learned a few new things: switches and try-catch. I will explain my understanding of each of these.
First, let's talk about the switch clause. This can be useful when you want the user or program to select a certain value from a particular item, such as a menu selection. Similar operations can be accomplished with the if-else syntax, but the key difference with the if statement is the amount of computation. For example, if one implements a blog ram that decides on x items in an if-minute, the amount of computation can be expressed as O(x/2) using the order notation. However, with a switch statement, the computation can be performed in O(1), which is very fast. Since there are advantages and disadvantages to each method, I have learned in this unit that it is important to use the appropriate syntax depending on the situation.
Next, let's look at the try-catch syntax. This syntax can be used to programmatically handle the occurrence of exception events during the execution of a statement. I feel that this try-catch syntax is a very important idea to program. This is because if all exception handling were implemented with if statements, the program would be redundant and unmaintainable. Of course, the core of the process should be implemented with if statements, but I feel that exception handling related to areas other than the program content, such as file open errors and process handling, should be implemented in programs that actively use exception handling. From my own experience, I am convinced that the source code of the company I am currently working for is clear and very readable content with appropriate use of exception handling.
I also noticed a difference in the difficulty level of Written Assignments when compared to the CS1102 course; in the CS1102 course, even if I honestly did not have a good understanding of the content, I was able to produce a deliverable if I followed the steps provided to check it! I was able to create the deliverables by following the procedures provided. However, after entering the CS1103 course, I feel that I am now required to have a full understanding of the contents of the UNIT, clarify the requirements, and then further develop the skills to implement the contents of the UNIT. I am confident that this initiative will be a very positive one for me, and I intend to deepen my understanding by checking the forum for any questions I may have.
Finally, I would like to make the content of CS1102 more advanced through this course and to make it my skill, I would like to practice well my self-motivated learning skills such as regular schedule and active learning skills. unit1, if there is something I don't understand, I will be proactive. I feel that I should check, so I will systematically implement learning rather than submitting deliverables just before the deadline.
