1. Throughout the entire course of UNIV1001, what has been useful to me has been about critical thinking. I have been exposed to critical thinking as an important skill and at an overview level, but I have not learned much about it in general and what specific techniques are used. I learned a lot about specific techniques in this course, which was a great learning experience for me. In particular, the 48 Critical Thinking Questions For Any Content Area(2018) explained the questions to ask when thinking, which I would like to learn as my own base skills.

2. In a unit where we learned about stress management, I was surprised to discover that my classmates had a wide variety of ways to refresh themselves. It is not surprising when you think about it for a moment, but I was only aware of common ways to relieve stress, such as physical exercise and listening to music. However, my classmates shared with me various ways to relieve stress, such as talking directly with friends about problems or concentrating on videos.

3.  At the beginning of the course, I had the following impressions of the peer assessment model.
  The explanations given by classmates would further deepen their understanding of the topic
  The assessment would be quicker than having it graded by a single instructor.
However, learning in this course has allowed me to learn about a further aspect of peer assessment. That is that it is very similar to the process of reflection in critical thinking; Cullege Success (2015) refers to critical thinking as the process of scrutinizing information and drawing conclusions from logical thinking and reasoning, and the methods utilized in this process are worked very useful when conducting peer assessments. This learning helped me realize that I could improve my own lifelong learning skills as well as the topics covered in peer assessments, which made me more motivated to work on them.

Word-Count:318

References:
Teach Thought Staff. (2018). 48 critical thinking questions for any content area. Teachthought. https://www.teachthought.com/critical-thinking/48-critical-thinking-questions-any-content-area/
College success. (2015). Minnesota Libraries Publishing. http://open.lib.umn.edu/collegesuccess/