
Hello, classmates.
I will explain my position on the questions this time.

1. Does reading this chapter make you less likely to buy leather and fur products, or not? Why or why not?
I decided to be mindful of how products are created under what treatment of animals by the sellers after reading this chapter. This is because I could not see acquiring products from animals raised in inhumane conditions through violent means as an ethical approach. In particular, the content described in Factory Farming (Jimenez & Pulos, 2016) was shocking. I believe fulfilling responsibility to stakeholders, including animals, is a crucial perspective in considering CSR.

2. Does reading this chapter make you more likely to go vegetarian in your food consumption (if you are not already), or not? Why or why not?
I think there is a possibility of becoming a vegetarian by reading this chapter. While I haven't considered becoming a vegetarian myself, choosing vegetarianism after considering the situation of animals and their rights is something I find highly empathetic. It could be a significant catalyst for changing one's perspective with confidence.
However, I personally still do not believe in becoming a vegetarian, meaning giving up the consumption of animal products. Of course, exposing unethical practices by companies is a crucial point. However, the idea of living entirely without consuming animals, from birth to the present, seems unnatural to me.

3. Do you feel that the consumption of meat and the use of leather and fur are “natural” and therefore acceptable? Why or why not?
I believe the consumption of meat and the production of leather and fur itself are natural behaviors and, therefore, acceptable. What should be rejected is unethical behavior in an industrial environment, and the natural use is considered acceptable for human life.

4. Does an “ethical” company owe any duty to animals, or are ethical duties only owed to humans?
Being ethical entails responsibilities to all stakeholders, including animals. Therefore, I believe acting ethically towards all natural environments, including animals, is a necessary CSR perspective.



References;
Jimenez, G. C., & Pulos, E. (2016). Good Corporation, Bad Corporation: Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Economy. Open SUNY Textbooks. Retrieved from: https://milnepublishing.geneseo.edu/good-corporation-bad-corporation/.