In this week's unit, I learned about addition and subtraction circuits and their concrete implementation as logic circuits. I will explain my understanding of what I learned in this unit.
First, let's talk about addiction. If I think of addition very simply, it refers to the act of adding two numbers expressed as binary numbers as they are. For example, adding 1011 and 0010 together yields 1101. Here, I have naturally utilized a very important concept. It is the concept of carry-up. When I add 1 and 1 together, I must be able to obtain the result 10. Thus, a number that propagates to a value larger than the number of bits used in the calculation is called a carry bit. This carry bit is a very basic concept, so for future study of UNIT, I promoted a practical understanding of this concept by creating specific circuits.
Next, I will discuss subtraction. Subtraction can be calculated by adding the two's complement numbers learned in the unit2. Therefore, when performing the calculation A-B, I perform the bit inversion and 1 addition operations necessary to express B in 2's complement form. The calculation can then be performed as A+(-B). I assume that this is a very meaningful way to implement arithmetic operations on CPUs in a simple and fast manner.
Next, I implemented logic circuits through Written assignments and Exercise assignments. To be honest, I had a hard time with this assignment. The reasons were as follows.
I had to imagine how to operate the entire circuit from the beginning.
I could not imagine the operation with an increased bit width of input.
Through the implementation of this circuit, I was able to gain an awareness of the above issues, and I was able to grasp the image of how to solve them. For example, I implemented a 4-bit all adder in the written assignment task, which, when broken down in detail, can be recognized as simply implementing a 1-bit adder and an all adder including the carry bit of the 1-bit adder. By breaking down the circuit into small units that can be understood in the head, it became possible to implement the circuit without making mistakes. I would like to follow the process of imagining what the detailed parts will look like and implementing them as components, rather than trying to implement the whole picture from the beginning.
Also, in this week's unit, I had a graded quiz. Unfortunately, I could not get a perfect score, but I was able to reduce the number of mistakes to one. I believe that I was able to implement this by thoroughly reviewing the Self-Quiz in units 1 and unit2 and consolidating what I learned in this week's unit. However, I have a weakness in dealing with binary numbers. For example, how the decimal number 71 is represented in binary, and what the two's complement system of that value is. I believe that manipulation of these numbers is an area where it is important to understand not only with the mind but also by practice, so I will deepen my learning by using textbooks and other materials that I have personally purchased.

